Mysterious Agent
You there! Stay away from this hatch.
What's wrong?
This is a crime scene, we've been sent here by RIP to investigate what occured here and why this home was destroyed.
So... what's the problem?
Something is preventing me from interacting with this rift... don't start with me. This is peculiar, normally RIP agents can move through rifts like fish through water but somehow I'm completely blocked off from this one.
Uh, can I help? I feel it calling to me...
What? That's... well, if you hear the Siren's Call you must answer... Report back when you've discovered the cause of the rift.
Sure thing buddy.
Right away sir.
RIP?
Ah, you're not privy. I'm from a division of the imperium known as RIP or the Riftstalker Imperium Program. We mastered the art of rift walking through rigorous training.
Oh, the riftstalkers! I've heard of you!
Yeah yea, keep it moving then.

Yessir, reporting in!
Hm? Oh you're a riftstalker? I don't know you but I suppose you have the training... there is a bizarre anomaly inside this cellar, it appears someone performed a ritual to open a gate to the chthonic realm and somehow pulled part of the abyss into our world.

Uhm... thanks.
Report in, civilian.
I'm not ... ahem, sorry I haven't figured anything out.
Then investigate the rift or leave me alone.
Farewell
Well... there's some kind of cult hiding out there.
A cult? Any significant members? Names?
Someone who calls herself Priestess Luna. She doesn't really look like a priestess, but she has a following who she calls her family and they somehow survive in the void.
Princess Luna? Really now... okay, what does she want?
She asked me to compete in some trials. I'm not sure, there's an arena and an ominous stone that summons planar monsters for me to slay. She says if I go deep enough into the trials, I can find her champion, who she calls Talinn.
Trials? If they're just monsters that seems pretty tame. I still need to close this rift but I'll keep it open for now. I need to do some research on who this Talinn might be, the name is familiar... as is Priestess Luna.
Farewell.
